The boy (or maybe it was more fitting to call him a man) looked nothing special. He was characteristically teenage looking and had this entire air of rebellion and a very flippant attitude about whatever he had come here for. And he was surely under the influence of something ... somehow, being the doctor he was, Dr. Balu could not find what it was and what the man was here for. Disheveled hair, torn jeans, punk like shirt, acne strewn face, droopy eyes, bloodshot ... a long list of physical characteristics of this kind were frantically penned down by the qualified medicine man. The man was slouched in his seat. But presently he sat up and gave a lazy stretch. He parted his hair and looked into the doctor's eyes. "Hello doctor" he said in a very faint whisper. Dr. Balu could barely hear him. Being a rather righteous doctor who listens to his patients' valuable information, stories and self-diagnosis, He too moved forward in his chair. "Hello, ummmm... Mr. Raghu, how can I help you on this fine day?" This Mr. Raghu happened to be the last customer of the day, hence it was a great day for Dr. Balu who had exhausted himself. He looked to the As if God had heard this man's wish and decided to deny him the wish Mr Raghu said, "Sir, I heard that you write prescriptions for certain medications ..." he whispered in that same uncertain tone. Dr. Balu could also not ignore the wink of the eye that went with the word 'medications'. "Well, I'm sorry Mr Raghu. You'll have to elaborate on what you mean by medications" said doctor Balu keeping up with the body gesture legend that was started by Raghu. Raghu gave a tiny hint of a smile. "I shall elaborate. I mean prescriptions for drugs like morphine and over the counter pain killers and stuff of that sort. A friend of mine said you'd done it for him. So will you do it for me." Dr. Balu looked at Raghu who still had a smug smile on his face and was still talking in a whisper. His jaw dropped gradually during Raghu's short intervention and he gaped at Raghu for a few seconds. He then grunted out a single word, "What?" The boy's smug smile and the piercing look did nothing to cover up the absolutely blasphemous nature of the request. "I am very sorry Raghu but I will not be able to do any such thing." Said Dr. Balu without losing his mental balance. Just as he hurriedly began clearing his desk, he glanced at the man's face. He saw the same smug smile but this time the eyes reflected deep contemplation. As much as Dr. Balu had started to like this bold, daring and soft young man in whom he saw the student he was 10 years back, the man had not spoken about any ailment registered in any almanac of medicine, as a result of which Dr. Balu had no more work there. Raghu suddenly pulled out his wallet and placed a 1000 rupee note on the table. Dr. Balu was a steadfast man. "Well Raghu, with due respect I think it is better you get out of here before I call some higher authority. I do not accept bribes. But I must say, I can't ignore your amazing courage and cheek to come and ask a doctor, that too on an appointment, for a prescription." 
Raghu got up abruptly, still wearing that smile. He continued to look into Dr. Balu’s eyes. The doctor looked at Raghu and just out of curiosity asked him, “What did you want me to write the prescription for?” Raghu’s eyes lit up and he said, “Morphine and Vicodin.” Dr. Balu lagged for a moment and there was a lapse in time. Ruffling of paper and bank notes could be heard.
Raghu walked out of the clinic with a broad grin and Dr. Balu sat on his seat. He was staring at his half full glass of water and the compact bundle of 500 rupee notes that lay on his table.  “Did I just do that?” He asked no one in particular. The money was going to be put to good use in any case … “Gardener’s Diwali bonus” he mumbled. He pocketed the notes, emptied his glass of water, locked his desk and as he locked the door of the clinic he said to himself, “No I didn’t”.
